Old Seven Old Seven, wake up
How are you doing?
Niece, he doesn't seem to be able to do it.
Che is indeed a waste
What should Uncle Fang do now?
He can't die, you can throw in the towel now
I want Fei Long
So what if you win?
Your sister is in my hands
Quickly release my son and the Chen family
You really can't believe it
Rainy Night This is the way to do things for everyone
You reason with them.
They tell you about wrists.
You talk to them about wrists.
He gives you confidence
Not shameless and nasty
We're almost done.
I don't know how things are going over there.
Mr. Ouyang
Miss Ouyang has been rescued by us
Your only bargaining chip is invalid
It's impossible to see my sister
He has small palms.
He was rescued.
Impossible this is impossible
Damn it
The phone is disconnected.
The entire South City is under my control
You can hide someone
don't know
Take Fang Zixian and this woman to the hospital
Their hearts
Take a good wash
What do you want?
What to do?
No, no.
I'm going to cripple you, you have to die